c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.dll.config
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.dll
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.pdb
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\LinqKit.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Entity.dll
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Common.dll
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Entity.pdb
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\LinqKit.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Common.pdb
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\obj\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\obj\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.dll
c:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\obj\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.pdb
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\obj\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.dll.config
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.pdb
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\LinqKit.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Common.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Entity.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Common.pdb
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\LinqKit.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\obj\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk.duzgun\Downloads\OfficeStockManagementv3\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\obj\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.pdb
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.dll.config
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.pdb
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\LinqKit.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Common.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Entity.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Common.pdb
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Common.dll.config
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Entity.dll.config
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\LinqKit.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\obj\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\obj\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\obj\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\obj\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.pdb
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.dll.config
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.pdb
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\LinqKit.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Common.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Entity.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Common.pdb
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Common.dll.config
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\OfficeStock.Entity.dll.config
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\bin\Debug\LinqKit.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\obj\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\obj\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\obj\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.dll
C:\Users\ardaberk\Desktop\masaustu\New folder (3)\OfficeStockManagement\OfficeStock.Dal\obj\Debug\OfficeStock.Dal.pdb
